doc: .github rework (#4860)
ElektraInitiative/libelektra: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

## Creating a Pull-Request

If you want to publish your local changes to this project you have to create a new pull-request.

1. Open GitHub and navigate to _your_ libelektra-fork
2. In the tab _Code_ press the _New Pull-Request_ button and choose a title and fill in the [pull-request template](/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md)
3. Now you should be able to set up the _Comparing changes_ settings. Choose the head repository and base repository.
   E.g.: if you have some changes in the master branch of your forked repository, select *head repository: yournickname/libelektra and *compare: master* and *base repository: ElektraInitiative/libelektra* and *base: master\*
4. Add some information about the changes in the release notes (path of the file: /libelektra/doc/news/\_preparation_next_release.md), skipping this step may cause a rejected pull-request
5. Do not forget to format your code since the build server fails instantly. Take a look at the [coding guidelines](/doc/CODING.md) for more information.
6. Commit and push your local changes in git (keep in mind to sync your fork - fetch, rebase & push)

> 7. Wait for the code-review or ask others to review

Reviewer: Maybe suggest to use GitHub's auto suggestions for review. They work quite well in my experience. It will automatically recommend the last few people who modified those files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7. Ask others to review (GitHub's auto-suggested reviewers often are a good start)
```

I don't think we should even suggest waiting for a review without requesting one first. Just hoping for a review could take a while, since there aren't that many people constantly checking PRs.

## Code-Review

After creating the pull-request, your code will be reviewed by other developers.
If your pull-request passes the review and the build server accepts your changes, they will be merged into the master branch.

> Got rejected?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automated build doesn't pass?
```

I don't think "rejected" is the best term to use here. IMHO only a human can reject a PR.

> Don't worry... there are many reasons why the build server could fail.

Author: I don't think we will get new devs in the pre-1.0 phase.

Before you start making fundamental changes:

- You should read the [design document](/doc/DESIGN.md).
- Create a [decision](/doc/decisions/README.md) describing you want to do
  to keep the discussion more efficient and architecture documented.

# Labels

- If you do not want your PR to be merged, please label the PR with the label "work in progress".

> - If you included changes after a review and you think you are ready, please tag your PR with the label "ready to merge".

Reviewer: Hmm maybe also re-request a review? I do not get notified if a label changes.

Reviewer 2: Yes, label changes are silent. I'd say definitely re-request a review from:
- all previous reviewers, if you made substantial changes
- all reviewers who rejected, if you just applied the changes requested in the reviews or fixed build errors.

> - If you included changes after a review and you think you are ready, please tag your PR with the label "ready to merge".

Author: Iirc draft PRs are not available in vanilla GitHub, so I wouldn't promote them.

> - If you included changes after a review and you think you are ready, please tag your PR with the label "ready to merge".

Reviewer 2: I don't know what you mean by "vanilla GitHub", but [the docs](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/changing-the-stage-of-a-pull-request) indicate it should be available at least for all **public** repos:

> Draft pull requests are available in public repositories with GitHub Free for organizations and legacy per-repository billing plans, and in public and private repositories with GitHub Team, GitHub Enterprise Server, and GitHub Enterprise Cloud.

The [general docs](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/learning-about-github/githubs-products) also state that the free versions of GitHub allow you to work "on unlimited public repositories with a full feature set".
